section=Tanks
icon=death_knight_blood.png;Blood Death Knight
icon=demon_hunter_vengeance.png;Vengeance Demon Hunter
icon=druid_guardian.png;Guardian Druid
icon=monk_brewmaster.png;Brewmaster Monk
icon=paladin_protection.png;Protection Paladin
icon=warrior_protection.png;Protection Warrior
section=Healers
icon=priest_discipline.png;Discipline Priest
icon=paladin_holy.png;Holy Paladin
icon=priest_holy.png;Holy Priest
icon=monk_mistweaver.png;Mistweaver Monk
icon=druid_restoration.png;Restoration Druid
icon=shaman_restoration.png;Restoration Shaman
section=Range Damage
icon=druid_balance.png;Balance Druid
icon=hunter_beast_mastery.png;Beast Mastery Hunter
icon=hunter_marksmanship.png;Marksmanship Hunter
icon=mage_arcane.png;Arcane Mage
icon=mage_fire.png;Fire Mage
icon=mage_frost.png;Frost Mage
icon=priest_shadow.png;Shadow Priest
icon=shaman_elemental.png;Elemental Shaman
icon=warlock_affliction.png;Affliction Warlock
icon=warlock_demonology.png;Demonology Warlock
icon=warlock_destruction.png;Destruction Warlock
section=Melee Damage
icon=death_knight_frost.png;Frost Death Knight
icon=death_knight_unholy.png;Unholy Death Knight
icon=demon_hunter_havoc.png;Havoc Demon Hunter
icon=druid_feral.png;Feral Druid
icon=hunter_survival.png;Survival Hunter
icon=monk_windwalker.png;Windwalker Monk
icon=paladin_retribution.png;Retribution Paladin
icon=rogue_assassination.png;Assassination Rogue
icon=rogue_outlaw.png;Outlaw Rogue
icon=rogue_subtlety.png;Subtlety Rogue
icon=shaman_enhancement.png;Enhancement Shaman
icon=warrior_arms.png;Arms Warrior
icon=warrior_fury.png;Fury Warrior
section=Classes
icon=death_knight.png;Death Knight
icon=demon_hunter.png;Demon Hunter
icon=druid.png;Druid
icon=hunter.png;Hunter
icon=mage.png;Mage
icon=monk.png;Monk
icon=paladin.png;Paladin
icon=priest.png;Priest
icon=rogue.png;Rogue
icon=shaman.png;Shaman
icon=warlock.png;Warlock
icon=warrior.png;Warrior
section=Other
icon=boss.png;Boss
icon=npc.png;npc

